replace inline styles with style modifier (#3856)
hashicorp/design-system: .changeset/twelve-bottles-rhyme.md

---
"@hashicorp/design-system-components": minor
---

<!-- START components/app-footer -->

> `HdsAppFooter` - Switched usage of inline styles with `ember-style-modifier`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`HdsAppFooter` - Switched usage of inline styles with `ember-style-modifier`.
```

<!-- END -->

<!-- START components/breadcrumb -->

> `HdsBreadcrumbItem` - Switched inline styles for ember style modifier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`HdsBreadcrumbItem` - Switched inline styles for `ember-style-modifier`.
```

<!-- END -->

> `HdsClipboard` Modifier - Switched setAttribute--style for setProperty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`HdsClipboard` Modifier - Switched usage of `setAttribute` for `setProperty` when updating a `style` value.
```

---
"@hashicorp/design-system-components": minor
---

> Converted inline styles within HDS components to CSP friendly alternatives

Reviewer: You can delete this line and just keep the change description at the per-component level

> <!-- START components/button -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- START components/app-footer -->
```

> `HdsAppFooterStatusLink` - Switched inline styles for ember style modifier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`HdsAppFooter` - Switched usage of inline styles with `ember-style-modifier`.
```

Author: updated

<!-- END -->

> <!-- START components/button -->

Reviewer: You can remove this one as it's covered by the one above it now

Author: This was the one I had an outstanding question about. My understanding is that I'd need to keep the wrapper I updated around `HdsBreadcrumbItem`, but let me know if that's wrong

`HdsBreadcrumbItem` - Switched inline styles for ember style modifier
<!-- END -->

> <!-- START components/button -->

Reviewer: You can remove the comment wrapper for changes to a modifier.

Author: updated
